Part I
1: make a directory called first
mkdir first

2: change directory to the first folder
cd first

3: create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt

4: change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv person.txt another.txt

5: make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt

6: remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt

7: make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cp first second -r

8: delete the second folder
rm second -rf




Part II


1: What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
Shows the manual pages for commands. Scroll with scroll wheel or W and S. Q to quit out of the command and get back to "regular" terminal 

2: Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
-l in the manual says "use a long listing format". When running the command I get a time modified
-a lists all files, including hidden ones, for example ones that begin with a period "."

3: How do you jump between words in the terminal?
control+arrow keys

4: How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
control+e

5: How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
control+a

6: How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
alt+backspace

7: What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
Shell actually handles the commands and runs the code, terminal is just the user's interface into the program

8: What is an absolute path?
A full path, starting from your root directory

9: What is an relative path?
A partial path, starting from your current directory instead of the root

10: What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
A flag is a modifier you add to commands to modify/enhance the functionality
I used "-a" with "ls" to list hidden files in my directory
I used "-r" with rm to tell the command I want to "R"ecursively remove files located inside the folder I was deleting
I used "-f" with rm to tell the command I want to "F"orcibly remove the target folder, even if it is not empty


11: What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
See #10:
I used "-r" with rm to tell the command I want to "R"ecursively remove files located inside the folder I was deleting
I used "-f" with rm to tell the command I want to "F"orcibly remove the target folder, even if it is not empty
